hey there so um I wanted to do another
product review tonight because it's
something that I got recently it's
called the Tresemme Fresh Start
waterless phone shampoo and this one's
for dry and curly hair well I think it
says birth yeah dry curly to normal hair
so you can use it if you have straight
hair but if you get like really greasy
roots
I wouldn't recommend this one because it
does have moisturizers in it it's more
or less just freshen up your hair and
deodorize it so if you've been around
smokers or you smoke this would be like
the perfect product to freshen up your
hair and what I love it for is things
like this so I have I wear extensions
all the time this is just a little
vacuum when I've made up but what's
great about this stuff is that your
extensions especially if you have bright
colors these ones don't fade very much
because I use permanent black dye and
black doesn't see but if you've brought
any kind of like brave colored
extensions or even natural ones you can
just put this on run it through and then
I comb it out like with my fingers or
whatever and then just lay it out on a
on a towel and it'll dry within half an
hour or if you wanted to speed it up
beat the blow dry it that would take
like two minutes because the stuff does
evaporate pretty quickly but it's really
good for freshening up your extensions
and it smells really nice it's like a
citrusy fragrance but totally deodorizes
them and then you know it saves you time
and hassle and you don't have to let
your extensions dry overnight because
it's always better if you air dry
extensions but this actually feels
almost dry already it's pretty quick and
I put a whole pump in a little bit so
and these extensions with the little
clip are super easy you just part your
hair stick them in wherever I cut this
one to match my here
so it's shorter but anyway yeah overall
I really like this stuff I have tried
the spray shampoo or dry shampoo I
should say and I definitely recommend
that if you've got oily hair or really
fine hair that mean benefit to this is
if you have curly hair and you use a dry
shampoo you'll often see it and you
don't have the benefit of being able to
like brush your hair to spread that
spray through and with this I've used it
when my hair is curly and just like fill
it up you know he work it in at the
roots and then just kind of comb it
through with your fingers and works
pretty well and I think it was only
about five dollars at Shoppers Drug Mart
it'll probably get it cheaper at places
like Walmart but yeah overall one of the
nicer ones I've used and I've used some
expensive ones that just made my hair
feel dirty as soon as I put it in so
this one's really good anything